Eventing Docs updates for 6.6 (#1474)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/eventing/pages/eventing-language-constructs.adoc

}
----

> The *crc64* function can be useful in cases like suppressing a duplicate mutation from the Sync Gateway (or SG), when both the Sync Gateway & Eventing are leveraging same bucket. Basically, Sync Gateway would update metadata of the document within the bucket, which in turn generates an event for Eventing to process. Eventing can't differentiate between events from Sync Gateway vs other events(doc updates via SDK, N1QL and others).  A workaround to this double mutation issue is possible via the *crc64()* function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *crc64* function can be useful in cases such as suppressing a duplicate mutation from the Sync Gateway (SG), when both the Sync Gateway & Eventing are leveraging the same bucket. Basically, Sync Gateway updates metadata of the document within the bucket, which in turn generates an event for Eventing to process. Eventing can't differentiate between events from Sync Gateway and other events (doc updates via SDK, N1QL, and others).  A workaround to this double mutation issue is possible via the *crc64()* function.
```

   // Business logic goes in here
}
----

> Note, if multiple Eventing functions (or handlers) share the same Sync Gateway crc64() checksum documents real mutations will be suppressed and missed. In this use case make the checksum documents unique to each handler, i.e. checksum_bucket["handler1:" + meta.id], checksum_bucket["handler2:" + meta.id], etc..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if multiple Eventing functions (or handlers) share the same Sync Gateway crc64() checksum documents, real mutations will be suppressed and missed. In this use case make the checksum documents unique to each handler, i.e. checksum_bucket["handler1:" + meta.id], checksum_bucket["handler2:" + meta.id], etc.
```

}
----

[#ondelete_handler]
*_OnDelete Handler_:*

This handler gets called when a document is deleted or removed due to an expiry.

> The handler listens to mutations (deletions or expirations) in the associated source Bucket.  As of release 6.6.0 it is now possible to determine if the document was deleted or expired, this is accomplished via the optional argument "options" a JavaScript map object with a boolean entry named 'expired'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The handler listens to mutations (deletions or expirations) in the associated source Bucket.  As of release 6.6.0 it is now possible to determine if the document was deleted or expired. This is accomplished via the optional argument "options" -- a JavaScript map object with a boolean entry named 'expired'.
```

> JavaScript map object

Would it be correct / simpler to say "a JSON object"?

Reviewer 2: No in Eventing we make a binding or alias to a Javascript Map (this is what you call a "a JSON Object") it is really a facade for wrtting directly to KV which and it is always a map.  This is the engineering term.

> In this handler the following limitation exists, this limitation arises due to KV engine design choices and may be revisited in the future:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this handler the following limitation exists. This limitation arises due to KV engine design choices and may be revisited in the future:
```

* It is not possible to distinguish if the document was removed is a Delete operation or removed as a result of a document expiration.

A sample OnDelete handler is displayed below:

[source,javascript]
----
function OnDelete(meta,options) {
    if (options.expired) log("Document expired", meta.id);
    var addr = meta.id;
    var res = SELECT id from orders WHERE shipaddr = $addr;
    for (var id of res) {
        log("Address invalidated for pending order: " + id);
    }
}
----

> Note pre 6.6.0 argument syntax is still fully supported, albeit you will not be able to differentiate deletion from expiry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the pre-6.6.0 argument syntax is still fully supported, but you will not be able to differentiate deletion from expiry.
```
